[Music]
when lit wax family fun center an arcade
closes at night the various videogame
characters leave their normal in-game
roles and socialized in a power strip
wreck-it Ralph the antagonist of the
game fix-it Felix jr. is ostracized by
its other characters for just doing his
job while the titular hero Felix is
praised and rewarded medals for
protecting the inhabitants from Ralph's
tired of being mistreated
Ralph announces at the game's 30th
anniversary party that he will earn his
neighbor's respect by winning a medal
Ralph learns he can obtain a medal from
the first person shooter heroes duty
after disrupting a game session Ralph
scales the game central beacon and
obtains a medal only to hatch a side bug
one of the game's monsters which can
adapt to other environments and
incorporate the artifacts that it
devours from those places into its body
Ralph and the sigh bugs stumble into an
escape pod which is launched out of the
game and crashed land in sugar rush a
candy-themed kart racing game with
Ralph's missing his game is labeled as
malfunctioning and faces being unplugged
Felix
upon learning from Qbert that Ralph has
left his game ventures to hero's duty
and allies with the game's heroine
sergeant Calhoun to retrieve Ralph and
the side lug a little girl named
vanellope von schweetz steals Ralph's
medal to buy her way into the Knightly
race to determine which character
players can choose as their avatar King
candy the ruler of sugar rush forbids
her from racing because she has glitches
that causes her to teleport erratically
Ralph and vanellope agree to work
together to retrieve his medal and help
her win a race they build a cart and
hide out a diet cola Mountain an
unfinished racetrack where Ralph teaches
her to drive King candy hacks the game's
code to obtain Ralph's medal and offers
it to Ralph in exchange for preventing
vanellope from racing he claims that a
finality wind and becomes playable for
glitches will be brought to the
attention of players and sugar rush will
be unplugged because of vanilla peas
glitch she cannot leave her game and she
will be left to die while King candy and
the subjects become homeless in the
arcade Ralph reluctantly agrees and
destroys vanilla peas cart heartbroken
she declares he really is a bad guy and
runs off distraught upon returning to
his game which has been evacuated in
anticipation of it being unplugged the
next morning he notices vanilla peas
image on the side of the sugar rush
cabinet and realizes she was meant to be
a playable character meanwhile Felix and
Calhoun search sugar rush for
felix falls in love with calhoune but
she abandoned him when he inadvertently
reminds her of her late fiance felix is
later imprisoned in King Candy's castle
but Ralph frees him and Penelope and
Felix fixes the cart calhoun discovers a
swarm of sigh bug eggs underground which
hatch and start devouring the game
penelope participates in the race but is
attacked by king candy Penelope's glitch
reveals he is actually turbo a notorious
auto racer who attempted to take over
roadblasters a more popular racing game
sabotaging them and resulting in both
being unplugged whose name is used as an
idiom to describe characters who try to
join another game he took over sugar
rush displacing vanellope as the main
character Ralph Felix and Calhoun
evacuate the game but vanellope is
trapped due to her glitches when Calhoun
points out that the SCI bugs can be
attracted and destroyed by a beacon of
light as in hero's duty
Ralph decides to make diet cola mountain
erupted replicating the beacon during
his attempts Ralph is confronted by
turbo now fused with the side bug that
devoured him Ralph makes the mountain
erupt and falls into his steps to
sacrifice himself but Fenella P sees him
using her glitch the volcanic beacon
destroys the Sai bugs and turbo Penelope
crosses the finish line rebooting sugar
rush and restoring her status and memory
as princess vanellope the main character
of the game but keeps her glitching
ability Ralph and Felix returned home
and their game is spared Felix and
Calhoun marry penelope gains popularity
as a playable character and a Content
Ralph gains respect from his fellow
characters
[Music]